UneasyVanilla:

What's the server IP?
	UneasyVanilla.com or Play.UneasyVanilla.com
	
What version does the server support?
	Server running on version 1.19.2
	
When was this server created?
	10th March 2020
	
What is the world size?
	60000000 x 60000000
	
Where can I find the server rules?
	Ingame /rules or https://www.uneasyvanilla.com/rules
	Rules Clarification https://www.uneasyvanilla.com/Rules_Clarification
	
Is duping allowed?
	NO. except for Carpets, Rails, TNT
	
I'm unable to connect to the server
	Try to connect to the server using 'play.uneasyvanilla.com' or change your DNS server to 1.1.1.1, 1.0.0.1
	
I'm stuck on the "Loading world"
	Try removing the Sodium mod, or switch to the vanilla client. You can prevent this by not logging out in a dying state / on the death screen.
	
Can I use the Netheroof?
	No. (You´ll die)
	
What are the rewards for voting?
	Currently voting reward(s) are Porkchop and EXP bottles. (Might change in the future)
	
I got false banned, what should I do now?
	Contact us via Ticket in our Official Discord
	
Who are Admin,Mod on the server?
	MrEDok - Owner
	Iberium - Admin
	Mod, Admin will have ♢ suffix ingame.
	
View/Render distance
	View-distance: 8
	
Mobcap
	Mobcap vary depend on optimization but generally is around the value below.
		Monster: 15-25
		Animal: 8-12
		Villager: Around 140-160 per "base"/View distance.
		
Tilecap
	Hopper: 200/chunk
	
Despawn range
	Hard: 80
	Soft: 32
	
Villagers
	Check Faq on website

Phantoms
	Toggle phantoms on or off with /togglephantoms. You need to complete the [Two Birds, One Arrow] achievement for this command.
	
Anvils
	Color renamed items with &
For color or format codes check out: https://htmlcolorcodes.com/minecraft-color-codes/
	Players with donation ranks further have access to all formatting codes besides 'obfuscated'.
	
Armorstand
	Doesn't ticks to reduce lag and exploit.
	
Trident
	Using riptide enchanted trident with elytra will reduce elytra durability.
	
Overworld Poratl Gold Farms
	Stop spawning mobs, once a cap is reached (kill existing ones to make more mobs spawn)
	
Mob limits:
	TnT 100 explode per tick 
	Some other mobs in extreme cases
	
Nether Portals
	Crying Obby can be used to replace Obby 
	
Tresure Maps
	Dont work
	
